README.md, before:

<details>
  <summary>Credits</summary>
 
  ### Mods
  
- [3d\-Skin\-Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/zV5r3pPn) by tr7zw
- [Accurate Block Placement](https://modrinth.com/mod/kzwxhsjp) by Clayborn, Flourick, KadTheHunter
- [Amendments](https://modrinth.com/mod/6iTJugQR) by MehVahdJukaar, Plantkillable
- [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/PRN43VSY) by FoundationGames
- [Another Furniture](https://modrinth.com/mod/ulloLmqG) by Starfish Studios, Crispytwig, Synthestra
- [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/EsAfCjCV) by squeek
- [Architectury](https://modrinth.com/mod/lhGA9TYQ) by shedaniel
- [AstikorCarts Redux](https://modrinth.com/mod/mnLFouB0) by jusipat, MennoMax, pau101, talhanation
- [AttributeFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/lOOpEntO) by Darkhax
- [Basic Weapons](https://modrinth.com/mod/sc2Pektv) by Khazoda
- [Better Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/Q2OqKxDG) by way2muchnoise
- [Better Biome ReBlend](https://modrinth.com/mod/Xh8hkQmD) by FionaTheMortal, UTMG
- [Better Combat](https://modrinth.com/mod/5sy6g3kz) by Daedelus
- [Better Mods Button](https://modrinth.com/mod/KUZAAwdD) by Fuzs
- [Better Statistics Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/n6PXGAoM) by TheCSDev
- [Better Third Person](https://modrinth.com/mod/G1s2WpNo) by Socolio
- [BetterF3](https://modrinth.com/mod/8shC1gFX) by TreyRuffy and cominixo
- [Bookshelf](https://modrinth.com/mod/uy4Cnpcm) by Darkhax
- [Bridging Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/lO3s8hjs) by CG360
- [CIT Resewn](https://modrinth.com/mod/otVJckYQ) by SHsuperCM
- [CITResewnNeoPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/yYE9h4iu)
- [CameraOverhaul](https://modrinth.com/mod/m0oRwcZx) by Mirsario
- [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/89Wsn8GD) by Cael
- [Catalogue](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=catalogue) by MrCrayfish
- [ChatAnimation](https://modrinth.com/mod/DnNYdJsx) by Ezzenix
- [Cherished Worlds](https://modrinth.com/mod/3azQ6p0W) by Illusive Soulworks
- [Cloth Config v15 API](https://modrinth.com/mod/9s6osm5g) by shedaniel
- [Collective](https://modrinth.com/mod/e0M1UDsY) by Rick South
- [Combat Nouveau](https://modrinth.com/mod/Iv3kcKZn) by Fuzs
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine](https://modrinth.com/mod/COlSi5iR) by RelativityMC, ishland
- [Configured](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=configured) by MrCrayfish
- [Connector Extras](https://modrinth.com/mod/FYpiwiBR) by Su5eD
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/1IjD5062) by PepperCode1
- [Cool Rain](https://modrinth.com/mod/IgftU6Mn) by Leclowndu93150
- [Create](https://modrinth.com/mod/LNytGWDc) by simibubi
- [Create Slice & Dice](https://modrinth.com/mod/GmjmRQ0A) by possible\_triangle
- [Create: Bells & Whistles](https://modrinth.com/mod/gJ5afkVv) by lev
- [Create: Steam 'n' Rails 1\.21\.1](https://modrinth.com/mod/L3Jv0QZI) by PoppyBlossom, Chameleon538
- [CreativeCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/OsZiaDHq) by CreativeMD
- [Cubes Without Borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/ETlrkaYF) by Kir\_Antipov
- [Darceno's Minecarts](https://modrinth.com/mod/RZw0JtqY) by darceno
- [Death Finder](https://modrinth.com/mod/wNxIBREV) by Fuzs
- [Delete Worlds To Trash](https://modrinth.com/mod/7diJQfvM) by Fuzs
- [Distant Horizons](https://modrinth.com/mod/uCdwusMi)
- [Distinguished Potions](https://modrinth.com/mod/lX1xTFBZ) by Fuzs
- [Drip Sounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/T8MMXTpr) by PieKing1215
- [Dungeon Difficulty](https://modrinth.com/mod/ENZmbSFZ) by Daedelus
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/LQ3K71Q1) by juliand665 & LostLuma
- [Dynamic Surroundings](https://modrinth.com/mod/H7fshfpD) by OreCruncher
- [Easy Anvils](https://modrinth.com/mod/OZBR5JT5) by Fuzs
- [Easy Magic](https://modrinth.com/mod/9hx3AbJM) by Fuzs
- [Eating Animation [Neo/Forge]](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/eating-animation-forge) by matyrobbrt
- [End Remastered](https://modrinth.com/mod/ZJTGwAND) by Jack Bagel
- [Enhanced Attack Indicator](https://modrinth.com/mod/eTy17BBS) by Minenash
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/OVuFYfre) by FoundationGames
- [EnhancedVisuals](https://modrinth.com/mod/KjL0jE2w) by CreativeMD, AriaFreeze
- [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/4I1XuqiY) by Traben
- [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/BVzZfTc1) by Traben
- [EntityCulling](https://modrinth.com/mod/NNAgCjsB) by tr7zw
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/Ha28R6CL) by FabricMC
- [Fallingleaves](https://modrinth.com/mod/2JAUNCL4) by Cheaterpaul, Fourmisain, BrekiTomasson and RandomMcSomethin
- [Farmer's Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/R2OftAxM) by vectorwing
- [Fast Workbench](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastworkbench) by Shadows\_of\_Fire
- [Fastquit](https://modrinth.com/mod/itFaO2Tg) by KingContaria, Kaleb Langley
- [Ferrite Core](https://modrinth.com/mod/uXXizFIs) by malte0811
- [Forgematica](https://modrinth.com/mod/dCKRaeBC) by TexTrue, CagayakeGirls
- [Forgified Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Aqlf1Shp) by Sinytra, FabricMC
- [Framework](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=framework) by MrCrayfish
- [Geophilic](https://modrinth.com/mod/hl5OLM95) by bebebea\_loste
- [Golden Apple Recipe Back](https://modrinth.com/mod/FJjunGFx) by Arthur Orsi
- [Hide Experimental Warning](https://modrinth.com/mod/Rm4OOdHd) by Rick South
- [Highlight](https://modrinth.com/mod/Vz96hXMh) by ThatGravyBoat
- [Horseman](https://modrinth.com/mod/qIv5FhAA) by mortuusars
- [Ice Boat Nerf](https://modrinth.com/mod/Udjno5eL) by supersaiyansubtlety
- [Iceberg](https://modrinth.com/mod/5faXoLqX) by Grend
- [ImmediatelyFast](https://modrinth.com/mod/5ZwdcRci) by RK\_01
- [Iris](https://modrinth.com/mod/YL57xq9U) by coderbot, IMS212
- [Iris Flywheel Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ndHYMY2K) by Leon
- [Item Borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/b1fMg6sH) by Grend
- [Just Enough Items](https://modrinth.com/mod/u6dRKJwZ) by mezz
- [Just Enough Resources](https://modrinth.com/mod/uEfK2CXF) by way2muchnoise
- [Kaffee's Dual Ride](https://modrinth.com/mod/dv1QW2PN) by Kaffee
- [Kiwi Library](https://modrinth.com/mod/ufdDoWPd) by Snownee
- [Kotlin for Forge](https://modrinth.com/mod/ordsPcFz)
- [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/yBW8D80W) by LambdAurora
- [LanguageReload](https://modrinth.com/mod/4zpN0syd) by HiedaCamellia
- [Leave My Bars Alone](https://modrinth.com/mod/gK9mebQg) by Fuzs
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/gvQqBUqZ) by 2No2Name, JellySquid
- [Lithostitched](https://modrinth.com/mod/XaDC71GB) by Apollo
- [M\.R\.U](https://modrinth.com/mod/SNVQ2c0g) by IMB11 \(mineblock11\)
- [MaFgLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/SKI34J7B) by TexTrue, CagayakeGirls
- [Main Menu Credits](https://modrinth.com/mod/qJDfP7WN) by isXander
- [MidnightControls](https://modrinth.com/mod/bXX9h73M) by Motschen, LambdAurora
- [MidnightLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/codAaoxh) by TeamMidnightDust, Motschen
- [Minecart Backport](https://modrinth.com/mod/v5VvyByz) by N0t\_UN\_Owen/NotUnaNancyOwen
- [MmmMmmMmmMmm](https://modrinth.com/mod/Adega8YN) by Mehvahdjukaar, Bonusboni, Gooigipunch, Plantkillable
- [Model Gap Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/QdG47OkI) by MehVahdJukaar
- [ModernFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/nmDcB62a) by embeddedt
- [Moonlight Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/twkfQtEc) by MehVahdJukaar
- [More Chat History](https://modrinth.com/mod/8qkXwOnk) by JackFred
- [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/51shyZVL) by FX \- PR0CESS, 1Foxy2
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://modrinth.com/mod/aC3cM3Vq) by Ivan Molodetskikh \(YaLTeR\)
- [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/u5Ic2U1u) by Siphalor
- [No Chat Reports](https://modrinth.com/mod/qQyHxfxd) by Aizistral
- [No Chat Restrictions](https://modrinth.com/mod/z440MEwJ) by Aizistral
- [Noisium](https://modrinth.com/mod/hasdd01q) by Steveplays28
- [Not Enough Crashes](https://modrinth.com/mod/yM94ont6) by Fudge
- [NotEnoughAnimations](https://modrinth.com/mod/MPCX6s5C) by tr7zw
- [ObsidianUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/E0L8mfJZ) by TexTrue, ThinkingStudio
- [OctoLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/RH2KUdKJ) by OctoStudios
- [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/JuksLGBQ) by opekope2
- [Paginated Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/pJogNFap) by DaFuqs
- [Particle Rain](https://modrinth.com/mod/nrikgvxm) by pigcart
- [Paxi](https://modrinth.com/mod/CU0PAyzb) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [Placebo](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/placebo) by Shadows\_of\_Fire
- [Player Animator](https://modrinth.com/mod/gedNE4y2) by KosmX
- [Polymorph](https://modrinth.com/mod/tagwiZkJ) by Illusive Soulworks
- [Polytone](https://modrinth.com/mod/3qAYkBMB) by MehVahdJukaar
- [Presence Footsteps](https://modrinth.com/mod/rcTfTZr3) by Hurricaaane \(Ha3\), Sollace
- [PrickleMC](https://modrinth.com/mod/aaRl8GiW) by Darkhax
- [Prism](https://modrinth.com/mod/1OE8wbN0) by Grend
- [Puzzle](https://modrinth.com/mod/3IuO68q1) by PuzzleMC, Motschen
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/QAGBst4M) by Fuzs
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/Bh37bMuy) by FlashyReese
- [Resourceful Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/G1hIVOrD) by ThatGravyBoat, Epic\_Oreo
- [Screenshot to Clipboard](https://modrinth.com/mod/1KiJRrTg) by comp500
- [Scrollable Tooltips](https://modrinth.com/mod/3Wt70twF) by SuperScary
- [ShulkerBoxTooltip](https://modrinth.com/mod/2M01OLQq) by MisterPeModder
- [ShutUpDeadEntities](https://modrinth.com/mod/9FJiZMp8) by diskree
- [Sinytra Connector](https://modrinth.com/mod/u58R1TMW)
- [Smooth Swapping](https://modrinth.com/mod/ydZic5r4) by Schauweg
- [Snow Under Trees](https://modrinth.com/mod/Q3vyMuj2) by bl4ckscor3
- [Snow\! Real Magic\!](https://modrinth.com/mod/iJNje1E8) by Snownee
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/AANobbMI) by JellySquid \(jellysquid3\), IMS212
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/PtjYWJkn) by FlashyReese
- [Stylish Effects](https://modrinth.com/mod/onDuQF5e) by Fuzs
- [TCD Commons API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Eldc1g37) by TheCSDev
- [Tectonic](https://modrinth.com/mod/lWDHr9jE) by Apollo
- [Tiny Item Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/wMkevcSR) by Trivaxy
- [Tiny Skeletons](https://modrinth.com/mod/A2xcMSUn) by Fuzs
- [ToastBegone](https://modrinth.com/mod/g8reZf3x) by Raxdiam
- [Universal Bone Meal](https://modrinth.com/mod/66VIiT1y) by Fuzs
- [Visual Workbench](https://modrinth.com/mod/kfqD1JRw) by Fuzs
- [Void Totem](https://modrinth.com/mod/q6eiiQ07) by Affehund
- [YUNG's API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Ua7DFN59) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [YUNG's Better End Island](https://modrinth.com/mod/2BwBOmBQ) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YUNG's Better Mineshafts](https://modrinth.com/mod/HjmxVlSr) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [YUNG's Better Nether Fortresses](https://modrinth.com/mod/Z2mXHnxP) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YUNG's Better Ocean Monuments](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dT9sgt4) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Tera
- [YUNG's Better Strongholds](https://modrinth.com/mod/kidLKymU) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/1eAoo2KR) by isXander
- [e4mc](https://modrinth.com/mod/qANg5Jrr) by skyevg
### Resource Packs
- [Vanilla Tweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/) by Vanilla Tweaks Team
- [C418 Songs Only](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/c418-songs-only) by redsquare
- [Classic Dirt Menu Background](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/dirt-menu-background) by Hexagonl
- [3D Sugar Cane](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/3d-sugar-cane) by heycronus
- [Chat Reporting Helper](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/chat-reporting-helper) by robotkoer and Fabulously Optimized
### Data Packs
- [80% Abandoned Villages](modrinth.com/datapack/abandoned-villages) by lunaStellarii

</details>

Commit message:

sound tweaks, nostalgic tweaks, credits update

README.md, after:

<details>
  <summary>Credits</summary>
 
  ### Mods 

- [3d\-Skin\-Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/zV5r3pPn) by tr7zw
- [Accurate Block Placement](https://modrinth.com/mod/kzwxhsjp) by Clayborn, Flourick, KadTheHunter
- [Amendments](https://modrinth.com/mod/6iTJugQR) by MehVahdJukaar, Plantkillable
- [Animatica](https://modrinth.com/mod/PRN43VSY) by FoundationGames
- [Another Furniture](https://modrinth.com/mod/ulloLmqG) by Starfish Studios, Crispytwig, Synthestra
- [AppleSkin](https://modrinth.com/mod/EsAfCjCV) by squeek
- [Architectury](https://modrinth.com/mod/lhGA9TYQ) by shedaniel
- [AstikorCarts Redux](https://modrinth.com/mod/mnLFouB0) by jusipat, MennoMax, pau101, talhanation\# The description of the mod\. This is a simple multiline text string that is used for display purposes in the mod list\.
- [AttributeFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/lOOpEntO) by Darkhax
- [Basic Weapons](https://modrinth.com/mod/sc2Pektv) by Khazoda
- [Better Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/Q2OqKxDG) by way2muchnoise
- [Better Biome ReBlend](https://modrinth.com/mod/Xh8hkQmD) by FionaTheMortal, UTMG
- [Better Combat](https://modrinth.com/mod/5sy6g3kz) by Daedelus
- [Better Mods Button](https://modrinth.com/mod/KUZAAwdD) by Fuzs
- [Better Statistics Screen](https://modrinth.com/mod/n6PXGAoM) by TheCSDev
- [Better Third Person](https://modrinth.com/mod/G1s2WpNo) by Socolio
- [BetterF3](https://modrinth.com/mod/8shC1gFX) by TreyRuffy and cominixo
- [Bookshelf](https://modrinth.com/mod/uy4Cnpcm) by Darkhax
- [Bridging Mod](https://modrinth.com/mod/lO3s8hjs) by CG360
- [CIT Resewn](https://modrinth.com/mod/otVJckYQ) by SHsuperCM
- [CITResewnNeoPatcher](https://modrinth.com/mod/yYE9h4iu)
- [CameraOverhaul](https://modrinth.com/mod/m0oRwcZx) by Mirsario
- [Capes](https://modrinth.com/mod/89Wsn8GD) by Cael
- [Catalogue](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=catalogue) by MrCrayfish
- [ChatAnimation](https://modrinth.com/mod/DnNYdJsx) by Ezzenix
- [Cherished Worlds](https://modrinth.com/mod/3azQ6p0W) by Illusive Soulworks
- [Cloth Config v15 API](https://modrinth.com/mod/9s6osm5g) by shedaniel
- [Collective](https://modrinth.com/mod/e0M1UDsY) by Rick South
- [Combat Nouveau](https://modrinth.com/mod/Iv3kcKZn) by Fuzs
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine](https://modrinth.com/mod/COlSi5iR) by RelativityMC, ishland
- [Configured](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=configured) by MrCrayfish
- [Connector Extras](https://modrinth.com/mod/FYpiwiBR) by Su5eD
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/1IjD5062) by PepperCode1
- [Cool Rain](https://modrinth.com/mod/IgftU6Mn) by Leclowndu93150
- [Create](https://modrinth.com/mod/LNytGWDc) by simibubi
- [Create Slice & Dice](https://modrinth.com/mod/GmjmRQ0A) by possible\_triangle
- [Create: Bells & Whistles](https://modrinth.com/mod/gJ5afkVv) by lev
- [Create: Steam 'n' Rails 1\.21\.1](https://modrinth.com/mod/L3Jv0QZI) by PoppyBlossom, Chameleon538
- [CreativeCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/OsZiaDHq) by CreativeMD
- [Cubes Without Borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/ETlrkaYF) by Kir\_Antipov
- [Darceno's Minecarts](https://modrinth.com/mod/RZw0JtqY) by darceno
- [Death Finder](https://modrinth.com/mod/wNxIBREV) by Fuzs
- [Delete Worlds To Trash](https://modrinth.com/mod/7diJQfvM) by Fuzs
- [Distant Horizons](https://modrinth.com/mod/uCdwusMi)
- [Distinguished Potions](https://modrinth.com/mod/lX1xTFBZ) by Fuzs
- [Drip Sounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/T8MMXTpr) by PieKing1215
- [Dungeon Difficulty](https://modrinth.com/mod/ENZmbSFZ) by Daedelus
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/LQ3K71Q1) by juliand665 & LostLuma
- [Dynamic Surroundings](https://modrinth.com/mod/H7fshfpD) by OreCruncher
- [Easy Anvils](https://modrinth.com/mod/OZBR5JT5) by Fuzs
- [Easy Magic](https://modrinth.com/mod/9hx3AbJM) by Fuzs
- [Eating Animation](https://www.curseforge.com/projects/570544) by Matyrobbrt
- [End Remastered](https://modrinth.com/mod/ZJTGwAND) by Jack Bagel
- [Enhanced Attack Indicator](https://modrinth.com/mod/eTy17BBS) by Minenash
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/OVuFYfre) by FoundationGames
- [EnhancedVisuals](https://modrinth.com/mod/KjL0jE2w) by CreativeMD, AriaFreeze
- [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/4I1XuqiY) by Traben
- [Entity Texture Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/BVzZfTc1) by Traben
- [EntityCulling](https://modrinth.com/mod/NNAgCjsB) by tr7zw
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/Ha28R6CL) by FabricMC
- [Fallingleaves](https://modrinth.com/mod/2JAUNCL4) by Cheaterpaul, Fourmisain, BrekiTomasson and RandomMcSomethin
- [Farmer's Delight](https://modrinth.com/mod/R2OftAxM) by vectorwing
- [Fast Workbench](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/fastworkbench) by Shadows\_of\_Fire
- [Fastquit](https://modrinth.com/mod/itFaO2Tg) by KingContaria, Kaleb Langley
- [Ferrite Core](https://modrinth.com/mod/uXXizFIs) by malte0811
- [Forgematica](https://modrinth.com/mod/dCKRaeBC) by TexTrue, CagayakeGirls
- [Forgified Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Aqlf1Shp) by Sinytra, FabricMC
- [Framework](https://mrcrayfish.com/mods?id=framework) by MrCrayfish
- [Geophilic](https://modrinth.com/mod/hl5OLM95) by bebebea\_loste
- [Golden Apple Recipe Back](https://modrinth.com/mod/FJjunGFx) by Arthur Orsi
- [GroovyModLoader](https://www.curseforge.com/projects/661517) by Luke Bemish, Matyrobbrt, and Paint\_Ninja
- [Hide Experimental Warning](https://modrinth.com/mod/Rm4OOdHd) by Rick South
- [Highlight](https://modrinth.com/mod/Vz96hXMh) by ThatGravyBoat
- [Horseman](https://modrinth.com/mod/qIv5FhAA) by mortuusars
- [Ice Boat Nerf](https://modrinth.com/mod/Udjno5eL) by supersaiyansubtlety
- [Iceberg](https://modrinth.com/mod/5faXoLqX) by Grend
- [ImmediatelyFast](https://modrinth.com/mod/5ZwdcRci) by RK\_01
- [Iris](https://modrinth.com/mod/YL57xq9U) by coderbot, IMS212
- [Iris Flywheel Compat](https://modrinth.com/mod/ndHYMY2K) by Leon
- [Item Borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/b1fMg6sH) by Grend
- [Just Enough Items](https://modrinth.com/mod/u6dRKJwZ) by mezz
- [Just Enough Resources](https://modrinth.com/mod/uEfK2CXF) by way2muchnoise
- [Kaffee's Dual Ride](https://modrinth.com/mod/dv1QW2PN) by Kaffee
- [Kiwi Library](https://modrinth.com/mod/ufdDoWPd) by Snownee
- [Kotlin for Forge](https://modrinth.com/mod/ordsPcFz)
- [LambDynamicLights](https://modrinth.com/mod/yBW8D80W) by LambdAurora
- [LanguageReload](https://modrinth.com/mod/4zpN0syd) by HiedaCamellia
- [Leave My Bars Alone](https://modrinth.com/mod/gK9mebQg) by Fuzs
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/gvQqBUqZ) by 2No2Name, JellySquid
- [Lithostitched](https://modrinth.com/mod/XaDC71GB) by Apollo
- [M\.R\.U](https://modrinth.com/mod/SNVQ2c0g) by IMB11 \(mineblock11\)
- [MaFgLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/SKI34J7B) by TexTrue, CagayakeGirls
- [Main Menu Credits](https://modrinth.com/mod/qJDfP7WN) by isXander
- [MidnightControls](https://modrinth.com/mod/bXX9h73M) by Motschen, LambdAurora
- [MidnightLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/codAaoxh) by TeamMidnightDust, Motschen
- [Minecart Backport](https://modrinth.com/mod/v5VvyByz) by N0t\_UN\_Owen/NotUnaNancyOwen
- [MmmMmmMmmMmm](https://modrinth.com/mod/Adega8YN) by Mehvahdjukaar, Bonusboni, Gooigipunch, Plantkillable
- [Model Gap Fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/QdG47OkI) by MehVahdJukaar
- [ModernFix](https://modrinth.com/mod/nmDcB62a) by embeddedt
- [Moonlight Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/twkfQtEc) by MehVahdJukaar
- [More Chat History](https://modrinth.com/mod/8qkXwOnk) by JackFred
- [More Culling](https://modrinth.com/mod/51shyZVL) by FX \- PR0CESS, 1Foxy2
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://modrinth.com/mod/aC3cM3Vq) by Ivan Molodetskikh \(YaLTeR\)
- [Mouse Wheelie](https://modrinth.com/mod/u5Ic2U1u) by Siphalor
- [No Chat Reports](https://modrinth.com/mod/qQyHxfxd) by Aizistral
- [No Chat Restrictions](https://modrinth.com/mod/z440MEwJ) by Aizistral
- [Noisium](https://modrinth.com/mod/hasdd01q) by Steveplays28
- [Nostalgic Tweaks](https://modrinth.com/mod/l1rj36Ob) by Adrenix
- [Not Enough Crashes](https://modrinth.com/mod/yM94ont6) by Fudge
- [NotEnoughAnimations](https://modrinth.com/mod/MPCX6s5C) by tr7zw
- [ObsidianUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/E0L8mfJZ) by TexTrue, ThinkingStudio
- [OctoLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/RH2KUdKJ) by OctoStudios
- [OptiGUI](https://modrinth.com/mod/JuksLGBQ) by opekope2
- [Paginated Advancements](https://modrinth.com/mod/pJogNFap) by DaFuqs
- [Particle Rain](https://modrinth.com/mod/nrikgvxm) by pigcart
- [Paxi](https://modrinth.com/mod/CU0PAyzb) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [Placebo](https://www.curseforge.com/projects/283644) by Shadows\_of\_Fire
- [Player Animator](https://modrinth.com/mod/gedNE4y2) by KosmX
- [Polymorph](https://modrinth.com/mod/tagwiZkJ) by Illusive Soulworks
- [Polytone](https://modrinth.com/mod/3qAYkBMB) by MehVahdJukaar
- [Presence Footsteps](https://modrinth.com/mod/rcTfTZr3) by Hurricaaane \(Ha3\), Sollace
- [PrickleMC](https://modrinth.com/mod/aaRl8GiW) by Darkhax
- [Prism](https://modrinth.com/mod/1OE8wbN0) by Grend
- [Puzzle](https://modrinth.com/mod/3IuO68q1) by PuzzleMC, Motschen
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/QAGBst4M) by Fuzs
- [Reese's Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/Bh37bMuy) by FlashyReese
- [Resourceful Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/G1hIVOrD) by ThatGravyBoat, Epic\_Oreo
- [Screenshot to Clipboard](https://modrinth.com/mod/1KiJRrTg) by comp500
- [Scrollable Tooltips](https://modrinth.com/mod/3Wt70twF) by SuperScary
- [ShulkerBoxTooltip](https://modrinth.com/mod/2M01OLQq) by MisterPeModder
- [ShutUpDeadEntities](https://modrinth.com/mod/9FJiZMp8) by diskree
- [Sinytra Connector](https://modrinth.com/mod/u58R1TMW)
- [Smooth Swapping](https://modrinth.com/mod/ydZic5r4) by Schauweg
- [Snow Under Trees](https://modrinth.com/mod/Q3vyMuj2) by bl4ckscor3
- [Snow\! Real Magic\!](https://modrinth.com/mod/iJNje1E8) by Snownee
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/AANobbMI) by JellySquid \(jellysquid3\), IMS212
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/PtjYWJkn) by FlashyReese
- [Stylish Effects](https://modrinth.com/mod/onDuQF5e) by Fuzs
- [TCD Commons API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Eldc1g37) by TheCSDev
- [Tectonic](https://modrinth.com/mod/lWDHr9jE) by Apollo
- [Tiny Item Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/wMkevcSR) by Trivaxy
- [Tiny Skeletons](https://modrinth.com/mod/A2xcMSUn) by Fuzs
- [ToastBegone](https://modrinth.com/mod/g8reZf3x) by Raxdiam
- [Universal Bone Meal](https://modrinth.com/mod/66VIiT1y) by Fuzs
- [Visual Workbench](https://modrinth.com/mod/kfqD1JRw) by Fuzs
- [Void Totem](https://modrinth.com/mod/q6eiiQ07) by Affehund
- [YUNG's API](https://modrinth.com/mod/Ua7DFN59) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [YUNG's Better End Island](https://modrinth.com/mod/2BwBOmBQ) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YUNG's Better Mineshafts](https://modrinth.com/mod/HjmxVlSr) by YUNGNICKYOUNG
- [YUNG's Better Nether Fortresses](https://modrinth.com/mod/Z2mXHnxP) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YUNG's Better Ocean Monuments](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dT9sgt4) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Tera
- [YUNG's Better Strongholds](https://modrinth.com/mod/kidLKymU) by YUNGNICKYOUNG, Acarii
- [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/1eAoo2KR) by isXander
- [e4mc](https://modrinth.com/mod/qANg5Jrr) by skyevg
### Resource Packs
- [Vanilla Tweaks](https://vanillatweaks.net/) by Vanilla Tweaks Team
- [Classic Dirt Menu Background](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/dirt-menu-background) by Hexagonl
- [3D Sugar Cane](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/3d-sugar-cane) by heycronus
### Data Packs
- [80% Abandoned Villages](modrinth.com/datapack/abandoned-villages) by lunaStellarii

</details>
